# Food me!
_Food Truck Finder_


**Project**: _Food me_ is the site to find food trucks that are aroung your area right now. We are a group of people who are fascinated by the culture around Food Truck. There is such diversity of foods, great creative initiatives and all at a affortable price. As this food trend grows bigger and bigger everyday 
we wanted to make it easier for foodies everywhere to find food trucks around them or find the location of
their favorite truck in realtime. We decided to use the foursquare API to find the last location from where each truck has checked in and all within the close proximity of the user.
It is very important for us that people can acces this data from their houses, their phones and all within one page. And that the information is requested from the api everytime the user reloads the page.

[To visit the page click here](http://evening-sierra-8143.herokuapp.com)


APIs:

+ Foursquare API: We used this API to get each truck's location information, as well their their name and twitter handle. [More Info](https://developer.foursquare.com)

+ Googlemaps: We wanted a map view so that the user can easily locate each truck in relation to them. Googlemaps is a easy and reliable map that easy to custumize. [More Info](https://developers.google.com/maps/)


Gems:

<<<<<<< HEAD
+ Devise: A gem that allow you to have login features and a lot of other featured needed to have secure access to the page.[More Info](https://github.com/plataformatec/devise)
+ Geocoder: A really easy to use gem that converts location information into coordinates.[More Info](https://github.com/alexreisner/geocoder)
+ JSON: its a gem that allows you to use the json data type in your rails apps, very important when using ajax.[More Info](https://github.com/flori/json)
+ Font-Awesome: The gem that allows you to use that great library of icons created by bluestrap.[More Info](https://github.com/bokmann/font-awesome-rails)

=======
+ geocoder
+ devise
+ httparty
+ json
+ faker
+ font-awesome-rails
+ newrelic_rmp
>>>>>>> 71855d39fbbd68d6642162d27a940132d67b5041
